Mostly code cleanup - variable name changes - formatting changes (#36)
datajoint/elements-imaging: README.md

# DataJoint Element - Functional Calcium Imaging
This repository features DataJoint pipeline design for functional Calcium imaging, 
with `ScanImage` or `ScanBox` acquisition system and `Suite2p` or `CaImAn` suites for analysis. 

The element presented here is not a complete workflow by itself,
 but rather a modular design of tables and dependencies specific to the functional Calcium imaging workflow. 

This modular element can be flexibly attached downstream to 
any particular design of experiment session, thus assembling 
a fully functional calcium imaging workflow.

> For background and development progess, see [here](./Background.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Background](Background.md) for background information and progress updates. 
```
